proposed security.md from #202 (#203)
docker-library/drupal: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

> File any security concerns with Docker in this Github project as an Issue.
> 
> File any security concerns with Drupal following the [Drupal security issue process](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/issues/issue-procedures-and-etiquette/reporting-a-security-issue).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you believe you have found a security issue with Drupal itself, please follow [the Drupal security issue process](https://www.drupal.org/docs/develop/issues/issue-procedures-and-etiquette/reporting-a-security-issue).

If your issue is specific to the Dockerization / container image, [see the instructions in the umbrella "Official Images" `SECURITY.md` file](https://github.com/docker-library/official-images/tree/HEAD/SECURITY.md) for how to reach the @docker-library organization maintainers privately.
```
